Moderator: Okay, I've started the recording. So just to confirm, are you comfortable? I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P32: Yes.
Moderator: Okay? And if you're comfortable, if we decide to use a recorded clip from our session to share with other Va partners, if we remove any identifiable information.
Moderator: Okay, now, we got through that intro.
Moderator: So before we look at the caregiver program online form, I just have a few warm-up questions for you.
Moderator: Can you confirm? Have you ever applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers before.
P32: Not really, but I've had my chance at it. I've I've had. I participated on something like that.
Moderator: Okay.
P32: You're like God, you
P32: like to get assistance at the house.
Moderator: Yeah, for like a caregiver program, do you have, like a family member.
P32: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: are you enrolled or just applied?
P32: I applied.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And I guess.
Moderator: have you ever interacted with the Va. For other family member benefits besides applying for the caregiver program.
P32: I does a relative count.
P32: Yeah.
P32: yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: can you tell us a little bit more about? Was that a caregiver program.
P32: Yes, he he was a veteran. He would. He used to be my one of my cousins. He was a veteran from the Second World War
P32: back in the Caribbean and the area of ponds Puerto Rico
P32: through the Caribbean caregiver program.
P32: They had all types of assistants there, and I was there all most of the time.
P32: Okay, thanks.
Moderator: Can you explain to me in your own words just what it means to be a caregiver.
P32: Caregiver for me would be to to look out at the the utmost.
P32: and to be realizing that that person has the opportunity to succeed in whatever moment of life they need the the assistance, and
P32: you know, for the best of them, for the best of their being
P32: mainly.
Moderator: Thanks.
P32: And.
Moderator: Thank you for that.
Moderator: How would you like to learn more about different caregiver programs and benefits that your family might qualify for.
P32: Definitely. Yes, indeed.
P32: I was.
Moderator: How would you like to learn that? Would you like to
Moderator: phone call email?
Moderator: Buddy.
P32: Phone call and the facility as well. Yes, of course.
P32: Any way around it
P32: they'll be willing to participate. Yep.
Moderator: Okay, if we were completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits which you kind of have an advantage since you mentioned, you did apply before. But
Moderator: what kind of information do you think you would need before starting that process.
P32: My basic information, my name phone address.
P32: I'm not sure I'm not sure about my social security, but it could be a possibility.
P32: Prior experiences and stuff like that.
Moderator: Got it. Great thanks for sharing that.
Moderator: Okay? So now I'm going to change gears just a little bit, and I'm going to share a link in chat to the testing site for you.
P32: Okay.
Moderator: Are you on
Moderator: iphone or android.
P32: Iphone.
Moderator: Iphone. Okay?
Moderator: So you should be able to seek either a chat icon at the bottom of zoom, or there's like a more.
Moderator: And then you can get to a chat. Icon
Moderator: is, have you ever shared
Moderator: in zoom before on Mobile.
P32: I've done zoom on Mobile, but on share. So you want me to
P32: to where it says, Share.
Moderator: Yeah, there should be a share screen, and usually kind of says, like, start broadcast sometimes as well, or share content.
P32: One.
P32: Okay, I'm looking at the stop. No, not participants are 4
P32: reactions all captions. Whiteboard notes, apps
P32: more.
P32: Okay, it says, here, background and effects more meeting settings.
P32: Something popped up, but it didn't let me look at it.
Moderator: Maybe
Moderator: I'll do it again, and maybe you can catch it if it popped up.
P32: Yeah, I got it. I got it.
P32: No, I got it says, benefits, health and disability, comprehensive assistance for family that you want me to hit that.
P32: Yep.
Moderator: That is our test site that we're gonna go through today. So once you have that opened
Moderator: and how are ready? Then we can kind of share screen, so we can see what you're doing on that.
P32: Apply for for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Would that be it? Okay.
P32: find out if you're eligible for the program? That's where you want me to go in.
Moderator: Yeah, can you share your screen? Your video froze, by the way, but I still hear you just fine.
P32: Little.
P32: How can I do that?
P32: We do?
P32: Hmm!
P32: One moment.
Moderator: Video is back. But I don't see screen share.
P32: So
P32: you see me.
P32: Oh.
Moderator: Now the video froze again. Yes, it moved for a minute, but it froze on my end.
Moderator: I hear you just fine still, so.
Moderator: I think as long as we can hear you and get the screen share working we are good to keep moving forward.
P32: Okay, there's a start. Your application. Would that be it?
Moderator: Nope, you want to go back to the zoom to look for that share content button. So within the zoom window, zoom application, you should have a share, content, or start broadcast. Button.
P32: You know.
Moderator: Yeah, it's usually like a
Moderator: box with an up arrow
Moderator: that says, share content. When you're on the iphone.
P32: The box with the arrow. Yep.
P32: okay. Well, to whom do I share it with options?
Moderator: Yeah, you could chat, share the screen.
Moderator: and then it should prompt you to say, start broadcast.
P32: At the home screen.
Moderator: Yep, in zoom
Moderator: from that share content, button.
P32: I see you. This is Jessica, moderator.
Moderator: And then at the bottom is there like the share content
Moderator: box with the arrow.
Moderator: and then it should give you some options, and you want to choose the top one that says, screen.
P32: Oh, boy.
P32: it's telling me to send to you. Is that it?
Moderator: That shouldn't be it. That would be back in chat.
Moderator: It's just in the main zoom settings. You'll have to kind of close out the chat window. It sounds like you're in that.
P32: On the chat.
P32: Yeah, close. Yep.
Moderator: Close out the chat and zoom, and then go to oh.
Moderator: and he's gone!
Moderator: Give it a second
Moderator: points.
Moderator: Hit the wrong button. When he went to
Moderator: click more. Editor.
Notetaker (Angela): Yeah, that's easy to do.
Notetaker (Angela): But
Notetaker (Angela): I think you might be right that like, if it's saying to share with you.
Notetaker (Angela): maybe that is the chat
Notetaker (Angela): I was thinking he was just trying to share
Notetaker (Angela): like a link on his phone, or something cause that usually like, do you want to send it to, but that sounds more
Notetaker (Angela): likely that he was in the chat.
Moderator: And he's back already. Okay, let's try again.
Moderator: Hello.
P32: Alright Jessica.
Moderator: No worries.
P32: Sorry I'm having. I'm having trouble on this, and I even disconnected.
Moderator: -Oh, okay.
P32: Kind of sideways.
Moderator: So say, Yeah, it is sideways now, but.
P32: Do nothing. That's the same position. It was earlier.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: yeah, I don't know if we can get the screen sharing to work.
Moderator: Okay, I'm gonna put the link back in chat because what was there before, probably went away on you? Unless do you have that window open in your browser? Because then maybe we don't even have to mess with chat. If you still have it opened
Moderator: to
Moderator: do, you still have it opened in like safari. Probably if you're on an iphone.
P32: No, I'm I'm gonna go there. Okay. Where do you want me to go now? Okay, I'm at where it says, Start your application, or
P32: that's what's getting me. And then down there's a square with an arrow in in the middle. That's where you want.
Moderator: Yep, hit that square with the arrow that points up, and it should ask you if you want to share content.
Moderator: and you want to say, share the screen.
P32: Wait a second. I'm hungry.
Moderator: Do you see the share screen button? Or is that not working.
P32: I thought I was. I was doing it. But it's like it's right there. Send to Moderator, which is you, Jessica, and that's all. That's where I'm at right now.
Moderator: Click that and see what it does. I'm wondering.
P32: It, says Jessica. Jessica host.
P32: It says on the bottom, who can see your message recording on.
Moderator: Okay, that's the chat window for sure.
P32: So you want me to close it.
Moderator: Yep. Close that out.
P32: Okay. I'm back up on the sideway.
Moderator: Okay? And then so at the bottom, do you see? Kind of like a microphone, a video.
P32: Yes, yes. Stop. Video participants.
Moderator: Is there a 1 in the middle that has, like a box with an arrow? It should say, share content.
Moderator: It should be right between the start, stop video and the participants.
P32: Chat. It says chat and a little heart reaction share.
P32: Okay? Then I do it screen
P32: and then start back. Start.
Moderator: Yes.
Moderator: that is correct.
P32: Is he doing it?
P32: Yep.
Moderator: I can see your phone screen. It's loading.
P32: Boy, what did I do wrong?
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So it
Moderator: doesn't.
Moderator: Let's see, can you open up
Moderator: that link that was sent to staging that page that had to start your application.
Moderator: Can you go to that.
P32: Sharing the screen, including notebook.
P32: Where do you say?
P32: Okay, it's telling me.
Moderator: Yeah, you're sharing zoom screen now. So if you can go and open up that link that was in chat.
Moderator: yep, if you just want to click on that.
P32: That's it.
Moderator: We did it. We're here.
P32: Well.
Moderator: Awesome.
P32: Hmm, hmm.
Moderator: Okay.
P32: Sorry.
Moderator: No worries at all. This is fine.
Moderator: Yeah, it's not easy to share on Mobile sometimes at all.
P32: Alright!
Moderator: Okay. So now that we're here, if you could just kind of look through this page and think aloud, and just tell me about your initial thoughts and expectations of what you see here.
P32: Okay, you want me to open where it says the application or.
Moderator: Yeah, just kind of talk through what you would normally do if you were
Moderator: applying for real.
P32: Okay, yeah, would read the instructions up on the top. Veterans can also use this caregivers at
P32: after they apply. So I open, I would basically check my eligibility
P32: like, Find out. I would do that in 1st instance, and to see if I qualify
P32: right there.
P32: Now, look like to see like, see? I had an idea that the social security
P32: date of birth, address, phone number, like I had expressed before, I had an idea about that.
P32: What if I had any questions, I would be calling those numbers. And
P32: then, when I, when I had a chance to start the application, I'll just go over there
P32: and start. You want me to open it.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: did anything on this page stand out to you as being really confusing or really helpful?
P32: Okay, now, what do what would you like for me to do? There.
Moderator: Yeah. Actually, I'm gonna pause you right here before we continue on. I'm just curious on that intro page.
P32: The reason.
Moderator: You could rate it on a scale of one to 5 of one being very poor and 5 being really well. How prepared and informed.
Moderator: Do you feel about the application just based on that other page's content?
P32: To be honest, we were number 5.
P32: Okay.
P32: the 5,
Moderator: There a reason why.
P32: Oh, basically, it's asking me, you know, like
P32: would like, where any application has
P32: self explanatory, easy thing to put in and
P32: and go on with the next pages. Whatever applies
P32: I'll just be, you know.
P32: curiosity what's next, and I'll be willing to fill it out.
Moderator: Okay, great.
Moderator: So yeah. Now, if you could start the application as if you were applying, and just kind of fill it in as you go. And just a reminder. This is our testing site. So you don't have to worry about your information going anywhere but
Moderator: feel free to use real or fake information whatever. You're more more comfortable with.
P32: A good one. Dan's a good one.
P32: Hmm!
P32: And to a 1st name that is my 1st name.
P32: Where does it pop up red like that
P32: when they want.
Moderator: You used Autofill
Moderator: correct.
P32: Yeah. I'm sorry. Let me.
Moderator: And I'm just wanna curious, too, are you? You said you're using an iphone on safari
Moderator: with the Autofill.
Moderator: Okay? Yeah.
Moderator: It's by chance updated on the most current operating system.
P32: Now it it went. I think it's following up on it.
P32: You tell me to put in a.
Moderator: You with a fake one here.
P32: And good.
Moderator: Do. 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: enter, 3, 2, 1.
P32: All right.
P32: 4.
Moderator: 5.
Moderator: 6, 7, 8, 9.
P32: hmm.
P32: yeah. Let me.
Moderator: Yeah, if you just think aloud as you go through this section.
P32: Oh, okay.
P32: yes. Now, I am gonna put the
P32: assuming that this would be the zip code where the va
P32: I would be applying the most closest office which would render these and
P32: services
P32: got it
P32: no.
Moderator: How would you prefer to search for Va. Facilities?
Moderator: You might have to enter in a real
Moderator: won't take a fake one here.
P32: A real one. Let me see.
P32: Sorry
P32: I will look elsewhere, like.
P32: Okay, va
P32: va sip power. We're looking
P32: Probably I'll ask my wife
P32: for it.
P32: We use it, and
P32: alright
P32: let me.
P32: Okay. Here we go.
P32: I would like there, I would like through Google.
Moderator: So you're just looking it up
Moderator: right now to find that. Is that what you just did.
P32: Oh, yeah, I will look to Google.
P32: but I don't know what happened.
P32: That's what I would go through the Va. In Lebanon
P32: genius.
P32: Labradon.
P32: Wait, Lebanon.
P32: Pennsylvania.
P32: zip code.
P32: There we go.
P32: That's it. Yeah. So correct one.
P32: That's the correct zip code.
Moderator: Can you talk me through what your expectations are? What you.
Moderator: or wanting it to happen right here.
P32: Well, at the moment. The thing is is that if it's not
P32: so like searching for the I mean acknowledging for the correct zip code
P32: that would be having me like right now holding on the application until I find what's going on with it.
P32: Well, this would be clinic. Alright. Let me see.
P32: I'm sorry. My mistake.
P32: It's a clinic. The Lebanon would be a hospital.
Moderator: Yeah. Can you talk me through what you're thinking about? There.
P32: Okay. So then I would be going with the
P32: Va. Hospital.
P32: I mean, Va clinic
P32: reading or reading PA,
P32: okay, which is.
P32: just go back and punch it in
P32: is missing by 2 digits.
P32: It's not. It's stopping. I don't know why.
P32: That's the correct Zip code.
P32: Where would it be? A center located may be different from the veterans. Home.
P32: we'll see
P32: like a medical center or clinic.
P32: There we go.
P32: Who's adding for the plus 4
P32: you relieve it.
P32: So that's always holding us up the plus 4, which is
P32: I may even have the Lebanon one. So this will be it.
P32: That's all
P32: purposely done by the post office.
P32: and I would be continuing. Huh!
Moderator: Oh, before we go on to this next section, can you go back for a second? Please.
P32: Okay.
Moderator: 2 questions. First, st can you just kind of walk me through this page and kind of explain what it means to you?
P32: Okay, it means that my clinic would be located where it is right there in Wyomist, in Pennsylvania.
P32: and that the the actual assigned caregiver support facility which I was assuming since the beginning would have been the Lebanon Va. Medical Center at the Lebanon, Pennsylvania, which is the main hospital closest
P32: one of the closest other than Coach Bill.
P32: That would be the one of my choice right now.
P32: and that would be like letting me know that there would be, they would be the one supporting.
P32: I will be the facility supporting the the caregivers
P32: at this, at the at this location
P32: 17 South Lincoln Avenue, Lebanon, PA.
P32: 1, 7, 0 4, 2
P32: plus 4, which is a 7, 5, 2, 9. In order for me to contact. If I needed to write in anything.
Moderator: Okay? Great, yeah. Thank you for talking through that page. And I'm curious on another scale question on the same one to 5 scale of one being poor and 5 being very well.
Moderator: how would you rate the overall ability to search and find and select a facility.
P32: Well, in regards to that, it was really
P32: self-explanatory. I would give it then, between a 4 and a 5,
P32: because if I like didn't like.
P32: I give it in a little more in regards to the plus 4 which not normally
P32: normally, that that plus 4 is related just mainly for the post office to
P32: to allocate the the mails and the mailing and stuff they have.
P32: and that will be something like not everybody knows, so
P32: I just took a wild guess on that.
Moderator: It's really great feedback. Thank you. And you can continue on from here to the next section.
P32: So then, would you like to apply for benefits? For a primary caregiver? Yes.
P32: and it's required. So I
P32: proceed.
P32: what is the price.
Moderator: Married caregiver mean to you?
P32: But would be the Pcp. Which is the
P32: the the one doctor that's in charge, like a general doctor of what's going on
P32: with the patient and their needs.
P32: That's the one that facilitates the
P32: They need to see an a specialist or need a
P32: any blood work.
P32: any assistant devices, and so on.
P32: though that would be like the facilitator to make things easy for the veteran.
P32: It should be the one the one that you would need to talk to 1st
P32: in order to get in order to get what you need.
Moderator: Got it.
Moderator: So yeah, let's go through a scenario where you want to add a primary caregiver to this application. And just remember to think aloud about your thought process as you go.
Moderator: I don't either.
P32: Okay, so this would be the primary family. This will be the doctor.
P32: Was that a fact.
Moderator: Yeah, is that your
Moderator: expectation or thoughts from this page.
P32: Yes, the primary. The primary family's caregivers. 1st name would be Mary Ann.
P32: You want me to fill it in?
P32: Yep, go ahead.
Moderator: You can use fake information if it's more comfortable. But yeah.
P32: Well, let me take this area.
P32: Hello.
P32: Hi, how are you?
P32: Yeah, that would be basically the information I would need for the person to be careful
P32: and the social. We can go like more or less like what you told me.
P32: Yeah.
Moderator: If you were completing this form for real would your caregiver be with you to fill this out.
P32: Not necessarily. If I have the information offhand.
P32: Okay.
P32: yes. Would would that be a valid answer?
Moderator: The social. As long as it's 9 we can.
P32: Yeah, it's fine.
Moderator: Continue on 9 digits. Yeah.
P32: I'm using the same
P32: has to be the one on the whereabouts of
P32: this particular person for the caregiver
P32: mailing address, which is fine with me. It would be
P32: willing to accept every any correspondence.
P32: and then the number.
P32: the alternate phone would be.
P32: Hmm.
P32: Then here would you apply for for a secondary. In this case I would not have just Marianne.
Moderator: If what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
Moderator: Kind of go.
P32: Secondary.
Moderator: Age.
P32: If I will.
P32: You want to go back.
Moderator: Yeah, I kind of want you to talk through a little bit of what a secondary caregiver is.
P32: It could be her husband.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And how do you think the secondary role differs in the application process and benefits from the primary caregiver.
P32: It all depends. If they they're
P32: they're entitled to the benefits as well as a veteran.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: And I guess if you were completing this online form for real, how would you go about coordinating the information for the various caregivers.
Moderator: Would you have it and know it offhand, or.
P32: I would find out, and then I'll put it in when I'm sure that that would be the person.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: would you sit down and complete the form together?
P32: Yes, yes, the person is able right there. Of course
P32: I'll probably go to the house and fill it out there.
Moderator: Okay, great.
Moderator: You can.
P32: Are you on? Yep.
Moderator: So, yeah, in your own work.
P32: There's no.
Moderator: Describe what this page is asking and what it means to you.
P32: Okay.
P32: okay.
P32: this would be like a next, like a next of kin that would be
P32: willing to sign and take over any decisions
P32: or authorized by law
P32: to to make the decisions and sign for any official or last minute decisions towards the patient.
Moderator: Got it. Thanks for talking through that.
Moderator: Do you have someone who's a legal representative for you?
P32: My wife.
Moderator: Yeah, if you could just go ahead and go through
Moderator: how you would apply normally and just in your own words what you'd expect to happen next? After this question.
P32: Okay, just in case, if it's my wife, that would be one of the one filling this application. She would be the one representing me, for instance, with the legal authority signing, and on behalf of me as a veteran.
P32: I'm the veteran, and if I would be like, perhaps living alone, I'm I would be the one
P32: if I would be able, of course, still, and not having, like any authorized person by law
P32: or caregiver.
P32: you know whatnot. And
P32: and then I would be selecting either or depending the the situation I would be encountering at the time.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for talking through that. It's really helpful. Yeah, if you.
P32: They just.
Moderator: Answer like you would if you were applying.
P32: Oh, okay, let me go back.
Moderator: And that's good.
P32: Okay, so I will do that.
P32: Upload your support documents here. I would be
P32: if I have any documents to support the the
P32: that's it.
P32: The supported document that would be like, for instance, like a power of attorney, if I had not my wife, or, legally speaking, any document.
P32: you know, with release that person
P32: to whomever would need to know that would they would be the one responsible for making any final decisions, any chances of making any decisions at the moment.
P32: And if there would be, there be any signatures required by that particular port person.
P32: and it could be also as the one sole person that would be responsible for all. And through here I would just up upload the file. If I have it, let's say I'll be using my PC.
P32: Or it could be easy. Also a photo from my iphone, or just snap a picture and upload it, using the upload file
P32: and then hit, continue.
P32: And it's specifying here how to upload. It's just letting me know various types of ways. I can do that like scan copy, take a photo and upload the image.
P32: and
P32: telling me that they can't accept like a cover a signature page without the rest of the document. It has to be complete.
P32: One document after the other.
Moderator: Got it. Great. That's really helpful feedback. Thank you for talking through that. So well, we won't actually upload a file since we're in our test site. So if you could just kinda go back
Moderator: if you want to hit the back button and then kind of say.
Moderator: select the other option of the veteran, signing for myself.
P32: Oh, I'm sorry!
P32: Alright!
Moderator: Yeah, that's not.
P32: On this page.
P32: Okay,
Moderator: Go ahead, I was. Gonna say, look it over, and just tell me your thoughts and expectations of what you see here.
P32: So you have the application for the program. Comprehensive assistant for Family Givers. Okay, which is the 10 dash. 10 cg. Charlie golf.
P32: I would review the application here.
P32: start off for the veterans. Information so and so. Last name, 1st name, and whatever applies social security, the address, if it's accurate or correct, and and the county he lives in.
P32: and so on. Any Medical center, you know, just overall looking at the email, which is correct would would be receiving the emails, and so on.
P32: and the facility selected in regards to the county he lives, which would be the clinic at the Wyoming like I spoke before about, and that the caregiver support facility would be located. The correct one would be then the one I would have chose would be in the one at Lebanon, Va. Medical Center. So then I proceed to go to the primary caregivers applicant
P32: says, here, would you like to apply for benefits
P32: for a primary. Yes. Okay. So then,
P32: here's the information for the caregiver. Information would be Mary Ann patillo. And then I proceed the day she. She was born a female sister.
P32: That's the way, and social security, and so on. And
P32: it's the same as the address that I have as the
P32: the person receiving
P32: primary care's phone number, and so on. And
P32: the email.
P32: it would would be different. I would assume it would be here.
P32: since it's the same above. So then, the secondary, there's none.
P32: So then would you like to apply for a secondary caregiver?
P32: We just decided in this case to leave it like as is no.
P32: So then,
P32: hero at the end would be the veteran statement of truth
P32: that certifies that anything that I'll be rendering there is
P32: under the that in that the person will be under my care, and consent to sharing the information necessary to be having to involve their care, and any payment relate related
P32: healthcare, or needed, as whatever purposes they might need
P32: for the moment.
P32: Then I would just put the veterans full name, I certify so and so. This is correct and true, best of my knowledge and belief.
P32: So then I mark here, after I sign it.
P32: I just put these letters in it.
P32: Well, that's not accepting.
P32: Will I put any name or.
Moderator: Yeah, what is your expectation of what you
Moderator: need to do? There.
P32: Okay.
P32: I will put the name.
P32: Hi, how are you?
Moderator: Yeah, what's your comfort level of filling and signing out the information
Moderator: here? If all the people weren't present.
P32: If
P32: if it's good to, I mean if I see it, it is confident, being that this is an official document to fill out as an application.
P32: I wouldn't hesitate to fill it out and sign it and send it in.
Moderator: Okay.
P32: No, just do it. I just follow the instructions on.
P32: proceed with it.
P32: and see what happens at the end.
P32: If it's approved or not.
Moderator: And anything else on this page that you would do before submitting. We'll stop you before you do that piece. But
Moderator: I'm curious if you saw something you entered by mistake.
Moderator: How would you go about correcting that from this page.
P32: I'll go back.
P32: Okay.
P32: yeah. Submit.
P32: We submit the application. What.
Moderator: Nope, don't submit. It won't work in our testing site. It won't actually go anywhere. So I'm actually gonna
Moderator: pause you there and.
P32: It comes up.
Moderator: The screen share.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: okay? So now, we're just going to. Since we're in the testing site. Imagine you hit the Submit application button.
Moderator: And you. Do you see my screen, that I'm sharing.
P32: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I was gonna kind of scroll like scroll through this page very slowly. Let me know if I need to speed up or go slower, or whatever.
P32: Thank you.
Moderator: And just kind of share any feedback you have on this last page.
P32: Your submission. Okay? Who submitted? Okay. Applicant signature. Okay? They submitted, and so on.
P32: I would be having to do with that. And then, when I'm done checking all of that information, I could have the opportunity to print it from my own records
P32: that it would submit it
P32: download, and this application would be completed through the application of Pdf.
P32: And then a member of the care gear would be
P32: contacting me in regards to this application.
P32: and I would be receiving a confirmation through the information on my email.
P32: And if I
P32: at a chance, did not have an opportunity to put in due to the fact that I might have not had the email. I have a chance to call back at the number.
P32: and if I have any questions. I will be
P32: calling the support team at the caregiver.
P32: Okay? And then the numbers are there.
P32: and if the application was denied
P32: they would be sending me a letter of explanation, I would say
P32: why it was denied, and if there's any disagreement on my behalf.
P32: I can appeal and request a review for this decision.
P32: and then,
P32: they'll again will review it.
P32: and then allow
P32: they also give me other ways of going around, of getting the
P32: the process done.
P32: and then some more online application help through.
P32: the information there numbers and so on.
Moderator: Thank you for talking through that. Is there anything, or if anything, on this page, does it stand out to you as being
Moderator: really helpful or really confusing?
P32: No, it's alright, I understand it. It's pretty. It's pretty clear.
Moderator: Okay.
P32: At least I would be able to understand it very well.
Moderator: Okay. Great.
P32: What could what could happen if it gets denied? I have to pop. I have to follow the process.
P32: We are getting a reconsideration.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: great. Thank you for that feedback. Okay. So I'm going to stop screen sharing. Now, just have a couple wrap up questions today.
Moderator: So what research would you do before completing a form like this on your own.
P32: I would probably, to be honest, being the way I am, I would probably go in and ask it for the information at the business area at the Va. And asking them to see if they would be the ones for me to ask first.st
Moderator: Okay.
P32: And that probably, give me pamphlets, or whatever information they might have in regards to the subject.
P32: Or if there's some kind of a booth there with the information. I'll pick up some stuff in regards to that.
Moderator: Okay, great.
Moderator: Would you prefer to have help completing this form from an accredited representative or someone else from the Va.
P32: It is always welcome. In my case it would. It will be always welcome.
P32: just in case, you know.
P32: to be on the safe side.
Moderator: Okay.
P32: Have a it's not, you know. I it would be like
P32: rather a confident way of going and
P32: feeling at ease
P32: that the application is going through the way it's supposed to.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you for that feedback.
Moderator: I'm curious. What are your thoughts on the amount of information provided in this form? Did you think it was too much, too little, or just enough.
P32: One
P32: not really just enough, just enough would be fine
P32: on that part.
P32: I didn't feel it didn't overwhelm you.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any additional.
P32: I'm sorry.
P32: Oh, sorry I wasn't feeling. I wasn't feeling like we were too picky. And so on, asking too many questions. It's just the necessary information
P32: for the form, you know, being for that particular form
P32: which is fine.
Moderator: Okay.
P32: I mean any doubt if somebody gives me gave me a hand. Of course it's highly appreciated.
Moderator: Of course.
Moderator: And is there any additional information about who qualifies as a primary or secondary that you would have liked to see.
P32: No, that's fine, that's fine. That's good.
Moderator: Okay.
P32: All is good.
Moderator: Great. Well, that is all we have today. So I just want to circle back and reconfirm. If you're comfortable. If we shared a short video clip of our session with Va. Partners removing any identifiable information.
P32: That's fine with me.
Moderator: Okay, well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today. It's really helpful, as your feedback will help us iterate and improve on the site to make it work better for veterans and caregivers
Moderator: and Perigan who recruited you. They'll be sending you a little. Thank you blurb, you can pass along to other veterans that you might want to know who can participate in future studies. So
Moderator: that is it, and thank you and enjoy the rest of your day. And Chick-fil-a.
P32: To
P32: Yup. Okay. Many blessings for you and your family.
Moderator: Have a great day
Moderator: bye.
P32: Thank you. Bye-bye.